Add doc readme (#1710)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/api/schedulers/overview.mdx

## What is a scheduler?

The schedule functions, denoted *Schedulers* in the library take in the output of a trained model, a sample which the diffusion process is iterating on, and a timestep to return a denoised sample. That's why schedulers may also be called *Samplers* in other diffusion models implementations.

- Schedulers define the methodology for iteratively adding noise to an image or for updating a sample based on model outputs.
    - adding noise in different manners represent the algorithmic processes to train a diffusion model by adding noise to images.
    - for inference, the scheduler defines how to update a sample based on an output from a pretrained model.
- Schedulers are often defined by a *noise schedule* and an *update rule* to solve the differential equation solution.

### Discrete versus continuous schedulers

All schedulers take in a timestep to predict the updated version of the sample being diffused.
The timesteps dictate where in the diffusion process the step is, where data is generated by iterating forward in time and inference is executed by propagating backwards through timesteps.

> Different algorithms use timesteps that both discrete (accepting `int` inputs), such as the [`DDPMScheduler`] or [`PNDMScheduler`], and continuous (accepting `float` inputs), such as the score-based schedulers [`ScoreSdeVeScheduler`] or [`ScoreSdeVpScheduler`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different algorithms use timesteps that can be discrete (accepting `int` inputs), such as the [`DDPMScheduler`] or [`PNDMScheduler`], or continuous (accepting `float` inputs), such as the score-based schedulers [`ScoreSdeVeScheduler`] or [`ScoreSdeVpScheduler`].
```

## Designing Re-usable schedulers

The core design principle between the schedule functions is to be model, system, and framework independent.
This allows for rapid experimentation and cleaner abstractions in the code, where the model prediction is separated from the sample update.
To this end, the design of schedulers is such that:

- Schedulers can be used interchangeably between diffusion models in inference to find the preferred trade-off between speed and generation quality.

> - Schedulers are currently by default in PyTorch, but are designed to be framework independent (partial Jax support currently exists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Schedulers are currently available in PyTorch by default, but are designed to be framework independent (partial Jax support currently exists).
```

| [pndm](./pndm) | [**Pseudo numerical methods for diffusion models (PNDM)**](https://github.com/crowsonkb/k-diffusion/blob/481677d114f6ea445aa009cf5bd7a9cdee909e47/k_diffusion/sampling.py#L181) |
| [score_sde_ve](./score_sde_ve) | [**variance exploding stochastic differential equation (VE-SDE) scheduler**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.13456) |
| [ipndm](./ipndm) | [**improved pseudo numerical methods for diffusion models (iPNDM)**](https://github.com/crowsonkb/v-diffusion-pytorch/blob/987f8985e38208345c1959b0ea767a625831cc9b/diffusion/sampling.py#L296) |
| [score_sde_vp](./score_sde_vp) | [**Variance preserving stochastic differential equation (VP-SDE) scheduler**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.13456) |
| [euler](./euler) | [**Euler scheduler**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.00364) |
| [euler_ancestral](./euler_ancestral) | [**Euler Ancestral scheduler**](https://github.com/crowsonkb/k-diffusion/blob/481677d114f6ea445aa009cf5bd7a9cdee909e47/k_diffusion/sampling.py#L72) |
| [vq_diffusion](./vq_diffusion) | [**VQDiffusionScheduler**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14822) |
| [repaint](./repaint) | [**RePaint scheduler**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09865) |

## API

> The core API for any new scheduler must follow a limited structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core API for any new scheduler must follow a specific structure.
```
